Noah Norton > Stella Carpenter
Johnnie Patrick > Patsy Jensen
Maurice Dawson > Joe Willis
Johnnie Patrick > Lela Lewis
Stella Carpenter > Jacquelyn Pena
Joe Willis > Lela Lewis
Maxine Alvarez > Stella Carpenter
Jacob Kelley > Joe Willis
Alfredo Garrett > Gerald Silva
Darrell Horton > Allen Sparks
Ollie Norman > Jake Hale
Darlene Butler > Allen Sparks
Dora Cunningham > Darrell Horton
Rolando Torres > Allen Sparks
Miguel Holloway > Allen Sparks
Gerald Silva > Ollie Norman
Rosalie Crawford > Jacob Kelley
Allen Sparks > Cristina Bush
Chelsea Sherman > Stella Carpenter
Stella Carpenter > Toby Fisher
Maurice Dawson > Karen Harmon
Chelsea Sherman > Patsy Jensen
Cristina Bush > Rosalie Crawford
Allen Sparks > Sharon Mitchell
Micheal Cook > Jacquelyn Pena
Jacob Kelley > Rosalie Crawford
Jacquelyn Pena > Joe Willis
Stella Carpenter > Jake Hale
Jacob Kelley > Patsy Jensen
Dora Cunningham > Toby Fisher
Cristina Bush > Jacob Kelley
Allen Sparks > Jacob Kelley
Maurice Dawson > Ollie Norman
Jacob Kelley > Kent Doyle
Patsy Jensen > Allen Sparks
Olive Gray > Carla Russell
Olive Gray > Stella Carpenter
Winston Colon > Jake Hale
Kristy Vega > Gerald Silva
Robin Hudson > Patsy Jensen
Maurice Dawson > Johnnie Patrick
Celia Maxwell > Jake Hale
Olive Gray > Toby Fisher
Cristina Bush > Allen Sparks
Kent Doyle > Allen Sparks
Ollie Norman > Darrell Horton
Carla Russell > Karen Harmon
Kristy Vega > Toby Fisher
Alex Padilla > Allen Sparks
Joe Willis > Maurice Dawson
Rene Henderson > Johnnie Patrick
Celia Maxwell > Stella Carpenter
Ollie Norman > Gerald Silva
Dora Cunningham > Sharon Mitchell
Dora Cunningham > Allen Sparks
Chelsea Sherman > Dora Cunningham
Edgar Gardner > Jacob Kelley
Yolanda Lopez > Karen Harmon
Taylor Sherman > Jake Hale
Kristy Vega > Jake Hale
Lela Lewis > Patsy Jensen

Cristina Bush: There’s a voice that keeps on calling me. Down the road, that’s where I’ll always be. Every stop I make, I make a new friend. Can’t stay for long, just turn around and I’m gone again. Maybe tomorrow, I’ll want to settle down, Until tomorrow, I’ll just keep moving on.
Cristina Bush: Children of the sun, see your time has just begun, searching for your ways, through adventures every day. Every day and night, with the condor in flight, with all your friends in tow, you search for the Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… wishing for The Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… some day we will find The Cities of Gold. Do-do-do-do ah-ah-ah, do-do-do-do, Cities of Gold. Do-do-do-do, Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… some day we will find The Cities of Gold. 
Cristina Bush: Hey there where ya goin’, not exactly knowin’, who says you have to call just one place home. He’s goin’ everywhere, B.J. McKay and his best friend Bear. He just keeps on movin’, ladies keep improvin’, every day is better than the last. New dreams and better scenes, and best of all I don’t pay property tax. Rollin’ down to Dallas, who’s providin’ my palace, off to New Orleans or who knows where. Places new and ladies, too, I’m B.J. McKay and this is my best friend Bear. 
Cristina Bush: Mutley, you snickering, floppy eared hound. When courage is needed, you’re never around. Those medals you wear on your moth-eaten chest should be there for bungling at which you are best. So, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon, stop that pigeon. Howwww! Nab him, jab him, tab him, grab him, stop that pigeon now. 
Kent Doyle: One for all and all for one, Muskehounds are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, it’s a pretty story. Sharing everything with fun, that’s the way to be. One for all and all for one, Muskehounds are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, can sound pretty corny. If you’ve got a problem chum, think how it could be. 
Kent Doyle: 80 days around the world, we’ll find a pot of gold just sitting where the rainbow’s ending. Time — we’ll fight against the time, and we’ll fly on the white wings of the wind. 80 days around the world, no we won’t say a word before the ship is really back. Round, round, all around the world. Round, all around the world. Round, all around the world. Round, all around the world. 
Yolanda Lopez: Children of the sun, see your time has just begun, searching for your ways, through adventures every day. Every day and night, with the condor in flight, with all your friends in tow, you search for the Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… wishing for The Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… some day we will find The Cities of Gold. Do-do-do-do ah-ah-ah, do-do-do-do, Cities of Gold. Do-do-do-do, Cities of Gold. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah… some day we will find The Cities of Gold. 
Karen Harmon: Ulysses, Ulysses — Soaring through all the galaxies. In search of Earth, flying in to the night. Ulysses, Ulysses — Fighting evil and tyranny, with all his power, and with all of his might. Ulysses — no-one else can do the things you do. Ulysses — like a bolt of thunder from the blue. Ulysses — always fighting all the evil forces bringing peace and justice to all. 
Karen Harmon: This is my boss, Jonathan Hart, a self-made millionaire, he’s quite a guy. This is Mrs H., she’s gorgeous, she’s one lady who knows how to take care of herself. By the way, my name is Max. I take care of both of them, which ain’t easy, ’cause when they met it was MURDER! 
Toby Fisher: One for all and all for one, Muskehounds are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, it’s a pretty story. Sharing everything with fun, that’s the way to be. One for all and all for one, Muskehounds are always ready. One for all and all for one, helping everybody. One for all and all for one, can sound pretty corny. If you’ve got a problem chum, think how it could be. 
Toby Fisher: I never spend much time in school but I taught ladies plenty. It’s true I hire my body out for pay, hey hey. I’ve gotten burned over Cheryl Tiegs, blown up for Raquel Welch. But when I end up in the hay it’s only hay, hey hey. I might jump an open drawbridge, or Tarzan from a vine. ’Cause I’m the unknown stuntman that makes Eastwood look so fine.
Toby Fisher: Top Cat! The most effectual Top Cat! Who’s intellectual close friends get to call him T.C., providing it’s with dignity. Top Cat! The indisputable leader of the gang. He’s the boss, he’s a pip, he’s the championship. He’s the most tip top, Top Cat.
Jake Hale: Psst: Last summer in quality: Cards Against Humanity has a computer viruses: Photos of the Day on.
Jake Hale: Barnaby The Bear’s my name, never call me Jack or James, I will sing my way to fame, Barnaby the Bear’s my name. Birds taught me to sing, when they took me to their king, first I had to fly, in the sky so high so high, so high so high so high, so — if you want to sing this way, think of what you’d like to say, add a tune and you will see, just how easy it can be. Treacle pudding, fish and chips, fizzy drinks and liquorice, flowers, rivers, sand and sea, snowflakes and the stars are free.